*Privacy Policy

We want to ensure the best possible user experience while also assuring and maintaining a transparent level of trust. This privacy policy explains how #WOKEWeekly uses the personal data we collect from you when you are a registered user of this website.

>What data we do collect?

When registering to the site, we collect full names and email addresses as  personal identifiable information.

>How do we collect your data?

You directly provide us with these details upon registration to the site. We collect and process the data you provide when you fill in the registration form and submit your information.

>How do we use your data?

We collect your data so that we can manage your account and associate your account with any suggestions you have made.

In the event that you have opted in to our newsletter subscriptions, we will use MailChimp to email any news and updates about #WOKEWeekly to your email address.

By agreeing to opt in to our subscriptions, you permit us to disclose your information for use via the MailChimp service.

At any point, you can request to unsubscribe from our newsletters, at which point your information will be deleted from our MailChimp mailing list. 

>How do we store your data?

Your submitted information is securely stored on our remote database server. Sensitive data such as passwords are hashed using state-of-the-art cryptographic functions before storage to ensure robust security.

Your data is retained for only as long as required. Your data, as well as any contributions you may have made to this site including suggestions and comments, will be erased when you choose to delete your account or you request us to do so.

>Cookies

To read and understand about cookies and how we use them, please view our <[/cookies] Cookie Policy>.

>External sites

This site contains external links to other websites. Clicking on a link will leave this site and take you to the web address of the link you clicked. We have no control or responsibility over how data is managed on other websites. It is advised that you read the privacy policies of other sites you visit.

>Changes to our privacy policy

#WOKEWeekly regularly reviews its privacy policy so we ensure that is always kept up-to-date. Updates made to the privacy policy will be reflected on this page and will always be made available for view.

> How to contact us:

If there are any questions or enquiries regarding our privacy policy or the data we manage and keep about you, or if you wish to request a change or deletion of your data in accordance with your data protection rights, feel free to contact us.

You can email us at: <[mailto: enquiries@wokeweekly.co.uk] enquiries@wokeweekly.co.uk>.